RC & Docs/changelog (#1776)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Added auto scaling of batch size ([#1638](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/1638))

- The progress bar metrics now also get updated in `training_epoch_end` ([#1724](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/1724))

- Enable `NeptuneLogger` to work with `distributed_backend=ddp` ([#1753](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/1753))

### Changed

- Reduction when `batch_size < num_gpus` ([#1609](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/1609))

- Updated LightningTemplateModel to look more like Colab example ([#1577](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/1577))

> - Don't convert `namedtuple` to `tuple` ([#1589](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/1589))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't convert `namedtuple` to `tuple` when transferring the batch to target device ([#1589](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/1589))
```

> - Changed lightning module params to dict when loading ([#1639](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/1639))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow passing hparams as keyword argument to LightningModule when loading from checkpoint ([#1639](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/1639))
```
